Supporting information for: [Heterometallic Metal–Organic Frameworks of MOF-5 and UiO-66 Families: Insight from Computational Chemistry](https://doi.org/10.1021/jacs.6b02781), F. Trousselet, A. Archereau, A. Boutin, and F.-X. Coudert, _J. Phys. Chem. C_, **2016**, 138, 6131–6134, DOI: [10.1021/acs.jpcc.6b08594](https://doi.org/10.1021/acs.jpcc.6b08594)


Software used for the DFT calculations is [CRYSTAL14](http://www.crystal.unito.it/), version 1.0.2, parallel version on 64-bit GNU/Linux system. For some input files (`xxx.d12` suffix), an external geometry file is necessary and provided (`xxx.gui`).


**MOF-5 input files and structures**

- [`pureMOF5/`](pureMOF5/) contains input and output files for homometallic MOF-5 structures, for the 7 metal elements considered in the study (Be, Mg, Ca, Sr, Ba, Zn, Cd). For example, [`SrMOF5.d12`](pureMOF5/SrMOF5.d12) is the input file for MOF-5(Sr) structure relaxation, and [`SrMOF5_opt.cif`](pureMOF5/SrMOF5_opt.cif) is the resulting optimized crystal structure.

- [`Zn2Cd6MOF5.d12`](Zn2Cd6MOF5.d12): input file for optimization of a bimetallic MOF5(Zn,Cd) structure, with 25% Zn and 75% Cd, in space group <i>R</i>3̄<i>m</i>. The resulting optimized crystal structure is [`Zn2Cd6MOF5_opt.cif`](Zn2Cd6MOF5_opt.cif).

- [`Zn4_MOF5cluster.d12`](Zn4_MOF5cluster.d12): input file for a MOF-5 homometallic cluster (Zn<sub>4</sub>O tetrahedron capped by formate groups). The optimized cluster geometry is [`Zn4_MOF5cluster_opt.xyz`](Zn4_MOF5cluster_opt.xyz).

- [`Zn1Cd3_MOF5cluster.d12`](Zn1Cd3_MOF5cluster.d12): input file for a MOF-5 bimetallic cluster (Zn<sub>1</sub>Cd<sub>3</sub>O tetrahedron capped by formate groups). The optimized cluster geometry is [`Zn1Cd3_MOF5cluster_opt.xyz`](Zn1Cd3_MOF5cluster_opt.xyz).


**UiO-66 input files and structures**

- [`pureUiO66/`](pureUiO66/) contains input and output files for homometallic UiO-66 structures, for the 4 metal elements considered in the study (Zr, Ti, Ce, Hf). For example, [`UiO66_Ce.d12`](pureUiO66/UiO66_Ce.d12) is the input file for UiO-66(Ce) structure relaxation, and [`UiO66_Ce_opt.cif`](pureUiO66/UiO66_Ce_opt.cif) is the resulting optimized crystal structure.

- [`UiO66_Ce2Zr4.d12`](UiO66_Ce2Zr4.d12): input file for a UiO-66(Ce,Zr) structure generated by substitutions within a primitive cell, starting from UiO-66(Ce) and replacing ⅔ of Ce by Zr starting, such that the bimetallic structure has <i>I</i>4̄<i>m</i>2 space group. The resulting optimized crystal structure is [`UiO66_Ce2Zr4_opt.cif`](UiO66_Ce2Zr4_opt.cif).

- [`UiO66_Ce12Zr12.d12`](UiO66_Ce12Zr12.d12): input file for a UiO-66(Ce,Zr) structure generated by substitutions within a conventional cell, with substitution rate 50% and <i>C</i>2 space group. The resulting optimized crystal structure is [`UiO66_Ce12Zr12_opt.cif`](UiO66_Ce12Zr12_opt.cif).

- [`Zr6_UiO66cluster.d12`](Zr6_UiO66cluster.d12): input file for a UiO-66 homometallic cluster (Zr<sub>6</sub>O<sub>4</sub>(OH)<sub>4</sub> octahedron capped by 12 formate groups). The optimized cluster geometry is [`Zr6_UiO66cluster_opt.xyz`](Zr6_UiO66cluster_opt.xyz).

- [`Zr5Ce1_UiO66cluster.d12`](Zr5Ce1_UiO66cluster.d12): input file for a UiO-66 bimetallic cluster (Zr<sub>5</sub>Ce<sub>1</sub>O<sub>4</sub>(OH)<sub>4</sub> octahedron capped by formate groups). The optimized cluster geometry is [`Zr5Ce1_UiO66cluster_opt.xyz`](Zr5Ce1_UiO66cluster_opt.xyz).
